Hello everybody and welcome to this tutorial.
Today I will show you briefly how you can install aircrack in Windows.
So go ahead and start up your windows
but this is not a good idea, just gonna go ahead and say it out of the box.
Not something you actually want to do.
So I already have it installed here and this is how it looks like.
I'm just gonna go ahead and close it to show you what you need to.
First off, you need to go ahead and go to the website called www.aircrack-ng.org and download the file
and that's pretty much it.
After you download it, unzip it and it will work.
So let's just go ahead and click on it. It's right there.
I'm gonna use my unzipping program, so it's 7 zip.
It doesn't belong to me, it's just one that I have chosen to use
but you can use WinRAR
or pretty much anything else that you have available.
I'm gonna go ahead and select aircrack -ng ,extract it, select the folder to extract it
I'm gonna say desktop. I have already extracted it twice there.
Yes to all. Copy over it.
It's not going to ask you this question because you're not going to have it there
and there we go.
It is successfully extracted to desktop.
As I said previously, there is no installation procedure whatsoever.
This is the folder that I am moving about.
Just go ahead and open it, select bin, and it says aircrack -ng gui/exit
That is the one that you need.
Excellent
and here we have the tool works, it's right here.
You don't need to install anything.
You didn't need to go through a lengthy procedures or anything of the kind.
You have three programs here...
You actually have four of them, but we're not going to be using these two for the time being.
You have airdump -ng and aircrack -ng
airdump is used for collecting information
and you use aircrack -ng in order to brute force the password
or brute force the encryption, should Isay.
Now as I said, I do not recommended this.
If you really wish to use Windows, here is how you can do it.
Here's how you can use it.
Other than that, I really really don't recommend it.
and now we're going to switch back to our Linux
and here we will see what else do we need.
So one of the primary problems that we will encounter
is the fact that we were unable to generate vast amount of passwords manually, of course.
Ever try typing in a million passwords manually? Not gonna work.
So one of the first things that we need here is our crunch
which is a piece of code, a software, which we will use in order to generate password lists.
It's very flexible and easy to use.
We can state how many characters
do we want our passwords to have from what link to what link
is the possibilities like minimal and maximal length of the password
and if we know fractions of the password
we can even use those fractions and insert them.
Before we can do any of those things, we first need to go and download crunch.
Crunch is available on sourceforge.net
Just type in "crunch password generator"
and here, we will get the link for SourceForge
Excellent
Just go ahead and download this.
Your download will start in few seconds, and the whole download process will last a few seconds.
Just go ahead and save the file.
Let's just open it up.
We will need to extract it.
Just use a default extractor, it's as simple as that.
Choose a folder
I'm gonna go ahead and pick desktop
primarily because I'm gonna delete it later, as I already have it installed and configured.
There we go. That's done.
It finishes up really fast. You don't even have the time to see what's going on.
So let's just go ahead and close these things.
Excellent
So crunch is here.
If I opt to open it, there are some things in here which we will attempt to use later
on
but I will explain them once we actually start using them.
For the time being, I just wanted to show you how to install it.
Let's go ahead and open up our terminal, navigate over to the folder where it is located
So "cd /home/Chronic/Desktop/crunch"
Excellent
You don't have an instruction here on how to do it, but you see there is a Makefile
and whenever there's a Makefile, just have in "make"
You do need to be root or have a psuedo password.
So just type in "make"
Excellent
There we go That has passed.
"make install" press ENTER again, and there we go.
You have the installation process done and ready to go.
Crunch now installed.
you can see the main pages for it are functional
and this is the syntax.
You would type in one number here and another number here.
The minimal and maximal length.
Character set here
You could type them in manually or use predefined ones
then you can pass a ton load of other options if you wish.
You don't need to actually read through all of this, but skim through it.
Just scroll through it.
See what parts you can catch and see it they are of any use to you
but I assure you in the later tutorials
as we will be using crunch, for example, in this fashion.
So let me just go ahead clear the screen, type in "crunch"
and then I will tell it to generate a certain length, let's say from three to nine.
I've seen people taken from zero to like nine.
So you can exclude zero immediately, but it doesn't do any harm
It doesn't actually take away that much time.
Let's just type in from three to, I don't know, five
and now I can pass in, I'm gonna say "abcd123"
and now I can pipe this to "aircrack -ng"
and all the passwords that are generated here will be passed to aircrack -ng and will be used immediately.
I need add a few more commands here, of course, and that I will do in the next tutorial
but I just anted to explain the significance of this
because let's say I do this --
3 to 5, press ENTER, and I'm gonna cancel it before it manages to finish.
It says "Crunch will now generate the following amount of data:  7680 bytes aids"
That's nothing
It says this is the amount of passwords is going to generate -- 1344
Not a big deal
Okay, let's try something else.
Let's try "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz", press ENTER
Look at what happens --
The file size has grown exponentially, the amount of possible combinations have grown exponentially
and it says 1770 MB
But this is a very small password.
This is gonna get cracked in a couple of seconds.
This is no big deal.
How about if I specify the length of nine?
Just look at what happens -- It says that it has 51 TB of data
and this is how many possible combinations there will be.
Okay, this is a very large number
and with my CPU, it will take me a very long amount of time to do that
but not a reasonable amount of time, in any case.
It says 51 TB -- That's a lot
Okay, let's go ahead and type in "1234567890" and see what happens.
It says almost 1000 TB from 51, just by adding numbers from 0 to 9
You get where I'm doing with this
but let's say that I type in here, I don't know, 29
Basically it tells me that will generate 6998 PB of data.
You are simply not gonna have enough room on your hard drives.
It doesn't really matter how big they are.
You're not going to have a single PB of storage in your house
A PB of storage is 1000 TB, so that's a lot and you're not gonna have it in your house.
You see, what you would do with aircrack generally is...
I'm just gonna explain why this is important
"aircrack -ng -w"
and then you would passwordlist.txt file to it
in order to crack a certain file with it.
However, these password lists, as long as they are as good as they are
they do not guarantee that the password will be cracked
and you cannot generate this amount of information with this many combinations
and put them in a file on your local computer
and if you put it in a cloud somewhere, it's going to cost a ridiculous amount of money
What you can do, however, is pass an argument -- "-w -"
and I'm just gonna use my previous command -- "aircrack -ng -w -"
Excellent
So now, crunch will not save these things.
They will simply go to standard output
and aircrack will pick them up from standard output and utilize them
in order to basically break the encryption of a capture file
that we will later on capture as well.
So this was just an example, a post installation example
and explanation of why we needed to install crunch.
There's also way...I've seen it somewhere in the net
but I haven't managed to find a safe place to download crunch for Windows from the net
therefore I have opted not to actually show you that
due to safety reasons
but it is possible to do it in Windows.
Again, not recommended at all.
In any case, I bid you farewell until the next tutorial.
In the next tutorial, I will start with the cracking process
and you will see how we can actually crack a genuine wifi.